Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs2028-lab-2-file-i-o-classes-and-multi-file-programs
<br>
The objective of this Lab is to create, read from and write to files, design and implement classes using correct class file separation.

Task 1: Read from files1. Create a new project.2. Write a program to read from and display the contents of the first 10 lines of a text file. It should prompt the user for the name of the file.3. Include in the program logic to gracefully handle the case that the file doesn’t exist4. Take a screen shot of the output screen to include in your lab report. Include in the submission your test files that include at a minimum a file shorter than, exactly, and longer than 10 lines.

Task 2: Writing to files1. Create a new project.2. Modify the code from Lab 1, Task 2 to write the output to a file rather than the command line.The user should specify the name of the file.a. If the file doesn’t exist, create it.b. If the file does exist, append to the end of it.3. Take a screen shot of the output screen to include in your lab report. Include in the submission your result files from testing without a preexisting file and with appending to a file.

Task 3: Classes.1. Create a new project.2. Modify the code from Lab 1, Task 3 to use a class instead of a structure. Don’t initialize the values.a. Place the Class declaration into a separate .h file.b. Place the Class definition into a separate .cpp file.c. Add members for description (string), and TaxExempt (bool)3. Write the code to read the values for the items of the class from a text file. The text file should be human readable (the text file may look like the following repeated as many times as necessary although you may decide on a different file format as long as it is human readable)ID: 914Units: 842Price: 12.95Description: Blue widget used for powering devices. TaxExempt: False4. Ensure you have tested this with no input file, an empty input file, an input file that has less than the number of items than defined in the array, and an input file with more than the number of items than defined in the array.5. Include the input and output files you used in your lab report.